docs: expand Autoscaler SIGHUP documentation (#10062)
hashicorp/nomad: website/content/docs/autoscaling/agent.mdx

- reload the contents of the scaling policy directory as defined by the [`-policy-dir`][autoscaler_cli_policy_dir]
  parameter.

- reconfigure the Nomad clients used to fetch policies and execute scaling
  actions with the values defined in the [`nomad`](#nomad-block) block.

- stop plugins that are no longer present in the configuration file.

> - start plugins that were not present in the configuration file before.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- start plugins that were not previously present in the configuration file.
```

> - re-configure the remaining plugins with the configuration defined in their

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- reconfigure the remaining plugins with the configuration defined in their
```
